hey everybody welcome ignore the lamp
was minding my scattereth plus I
literally just got a tweet that was like
hey you should do greed mode runs and I
was just about to start Isaac and I
thought you know what i should do green
mode runs um
let's I mean you have to do greed and
greedier as every character I think if I
remember correctly greedier does not
counts as greed mode now I could be
wrong there but I don't think that I am
let's do an Isaac greed mode run you
know what I'm trying to get at is that
hard mode here's our seat by the way our
h7c yj2 a I don't mind a speed upgrade
although it's not my number one spot
like a Ludacris song if you do something
on a hard mode it counts as you having
done it on normal mode as well Wow I am
a moron man but at least I even get hit
again after the original hit what do we
have in here let's take a let's take an
approach here first off we don't have
the d6 how if I I've done so many Isaac
runs I didn't even realize we haven't
had the d6 unlocked as this guy it's a
little absurd buddy in a box might be
worth picking up for seven cents but
with a reroll machine we usually like to
go a little deeper we have a key that we
can get we do have a key that we can get
in maybe a secret room no secret room
but a key and a penny for one bomb is a
fair trade and okay juicy sack just okay
I don't like the concept of sticky
babies but yeah unless they're like
jelly babies it's like a real candy
right the jelly babies I don't know we
don't have those but sometimes I've
never seen them like in a box but
sometimes I go to the grocery store and
it's like you know organic jelly babies
and I'm like Whole Foods I'm not going
to pay fourteen dollars for the hundred
grams of jelly beans you know this is I
have more respect for myself and my bank
account than that that's ridiculous just
give me the glucose and the high
fructose corn syrup and I'll make them
myself I don't know how you
jellybeans let's be realistic here we're
one hit away from complete despair but
we have up to this point managed to do
okay
we basically I mean you know the deal
for greed mode right you want to survive
this first phase here get as much money
as possible and then buy something
meaningful from the shop that that
actually gives you a good chance to
succeed once you start buying HP you
oftentimes kind of find yourself in a
death spiral because you're spending
money that should be spent on making
your run stronger just surviving
temporarily so this is greed instead of
greedy earth I'm accustomed to greedy or
mode for what little greed I play I
played more greedy or mode at least
recently so greedy or mode for a while
was like actually hellish it was
horrible the balance was like completely
off in my opinion at least that they
fixed it and have you know led to some
improvements I don't know because body
in a box is okay sometimes you can get
some pretty decent stuff out of it and
it's cheap but I think I'm going to try
to get a reroll and usually on this
reroll you could just go straight for
chaos chaos has given us the watch
battery which is really bad or super
magnet I forget what it's called
either way yeah watch batteries
different super magnet weirdly enough
was also a trinket that I had on my
first greed run we got to kill this guy
within the next 20 seconds I was also an
item that I had on my first greed run in
rebirth or if it was afterbirth that
greed mode first came out in and I
remember because I took all the doors
that super greed had and they all like
honed in on me and I was so confused I
thought there was like some sort of a RG
was like if the doors are coming to us
what if we can get him to go through a
door and come out of this other door
like a Benny Hill chase sequence so
we're not going to have 15 cents here
which means we kind of have
a strange situation for ourselves so we
can try to fight the deal with the devil
wave and just hope that we don't get hit
or at least don't get hit twice and die
a lot of bosses could probably hit us
once and kill us and that would save
some money or we could spend five cents
on a red heart that kind of guarantees
us a little bit more survival I don't
know I'm just going to I'm just going to
hold off for now well we'll see what
happens after you kill this guy maybe
somehow he'll drop a consumable and you
know we'll be happy campers but for now
[Music]
just play it cool
fairly okay start and chaos means
anything can happen it also means deals
with the devil are probably not as good
as they otherwise would be because they
could just contain items that are
garbage
no consumables huh I think I'm going to
buy a 3-cent heart just for my own
survival sake and even if we don't end
up needing it right now
you know it's an investment that we'll
need at some point in the future
probably unless we get a bunch of red
hearts that drop there are still some
deal with the devil items even with
chaos that I would be totally okay with
getting like basically if they're good
I'll take them I think that the like
Platonic ideal right now for a deal with
the devil with chaos is that we get on
all stats upgrade or at least something
that takes 1 hp and gives us 1 hp plus
something else basically just a
laundered stats upgrade like magic mush
meat trying to think of some other ones
HP plus lock in the form of magic scab
or something like that but kind of
feeling a little bit underpowered right
now we got a speed upgrade on the first
floor juicy sac is ok but without
amazing damage you know we're not really
thinning the the crowd too much on every
single wave here the first floor took us
like 6 minutes which is a little bit on
the long side and okay well we have
deals with the angel instead which I
think you could make a pretty easy case
for the idea that deals with the angel
are actually just strictly better than
deals with the devil if you've got chaos
you can get the same kinds of items sure
I don't mind
the Cuba meet here HP is fine you can
get the same items and they won't cost
you anything so I guess I should be
pleased with that two bombs I think we
should blow this guy up for money we got
a bomb back that's fine we do have a
reroll machine and none of these items
except maybe dry baby are worth picking
up right now so I'm just gonna you know
go for the fight here at the present
moment we're relatively okay we got a
lot of HP which is the most important
thing and our hopes and dreams don't
really hinge on anything right now you
know thank God we chose I mean you know
I'm not going to get into the whole
ashton kutcher butterfly effect sort of
thing but thank God we chose a character
that has a decent amount of HP because
if we were Judas soo we might already be
dead but we also would have the
potential to stomp at least like I'm
booked a Belial is a really nice item to
have in greed mode because you get a lot
of value out of a single play
whereas Isaac without the d6 it's really
just kind of a blank slate baby and I'll
write your name that's right
I've listened to the radio within the
past four years I'm familiar with a
couple of Taylor Hicks songs it's not
Taylor Hicks that's Taylor Swift Taylor
Hicks is the guy from American Idol who
was like 23 years old but had a full
head of gray hair it looked like Jaime
Lannister's uncle who works at a bank or
something but like he is a cool Bank you
know like they still rock out like they
don't have casual Fridays they have
casual Thursdays they do things
different they Marsh's the beat of their
own drum everything is still fi d c--
insured though okay uh use a little
money here four cents is more than I
would have liked to have used but there
you go you parasitoid tears which are
pretty good that looked like a five cent
guppies collar and I was a happy man I I
mean it's it's worth thinking about
must be pin oh it's big I saw envy and
said to myself must be pin
I just internalized Envy as being you
know one of us one of us for some reason
it's still a little bit behind the
eight-ball your parasitoid tears you
know they got a land to summon things
for us do I want to buy a 15 cent
Guppies collar I think what chaos we
should we don't really have a green mode
engine right now like we don't have
anything that gives us a bunch of money
like IV bag would be sweet right now but
I think we could still hedge our bets on
a guppy dream showing up so let's do
that and that's apparently free those of
you who work in retail how many times do
you hear that joke every day no price
tag on it must be free hot enough for
you working hard or hardly working am i
right TGIF buddy I just saved you like
every possible conversation that you
could have if you work in an office at
least I never worked to retail except
for a except for Goodwill and I'm
honestly very thankful for that I
despite what I say on the NSS I actually
like you know I have a great respect for
the people who work in the service
industry I'm not mr. pink a tip and I
don't complain about it I'm never I'm
never asked to speak to somebody's
manager I don't even understand why you
would except to make yourself feel
better
there's probably valid reasons but I've
never encountered them okay we got a
deal with the devil and it's another
deal with the devil with nothing which
is actually pretty terrible economy
starting to slow down a little bit here
and we're still at zero damage upgrades
so we're hoping chaos maybe put some
brimstone in our silver item room or
something contract from below I don't
know why I said that like it was to the
tune of a Disney song of a country from
below na Nana Nana doo doo doo doo doo
Scooby dooby doo Beauty and the
boos what card yonder window breaks it's
a demon judgment okay actually really
nice you know I said a temperance card
IV bag would be useful this is sadly not
an IV bag but still potentially pretty
great retro vision huh
lemonparty all right I'm gonna try to
blow you up here didn't get any money
out of it I I'm I'm wary now I'm happy
okay mysterious liquid is pretty good
I'm going to try to beat the odds here
and if this were greedy or mode we would
probably be screwed because it's not
greedy remote it's just greed mode I
think we have an okay chance of making
this work but this is like our Dunkirk
you know this is where we're either
going to be pushed into the sea or we're
going to make our glorious escape here
it's a bit of a ham-fisted analogy but
it's a good way of letting you know this
video sponsored by Dunkirk I know it's
weird no this is not sponsored by
Christopher Nolan's new film Dunkirk
which I actually have managed people are
very excited about it I managed to avoid
seeing literally any press for despite
having been to the movies you know
relatively frequently and relatively
recently I don't know maybe they just
don't think it's going to play well in
Canada for some reason we've got World
War 2 buffs here no doubt ask him about
the Juno Beach man see what happens okay
we're actually we're actually done great
work by HP and that also came with the
luck upgrade I think are we going to
have enough money to still get Guppies
paw I think we should try to live and
then make Guppies pop come through here
give us our second guppy item also it's
a little bit of HP in my life a little
bit of Sandra by my side
a little bit of Searcy in my life a
little bit of sand or by my side a
little bit of Gringo's all I need little
bit of Joffrey's what I see a little bit
Enid start getting the Sun a little bit
of John snow on the world okay that's
that got insufferable pretty fast but I
was just you know I'd like to keep my
brain as plastic as I can you know and I
thought to myself self could you a very
on a rudimentary level make Mambo number
5 about Game of Thrones mountain number
5 ha the Trampas
I don't know way there's got to be
something that fits for that the
Terrill's myrn anyway I know if you
don't like Game of Thrones this is a
hard time of the year for you because
everybody's talking about Game of
Thrones let me give you the same piece
of advice I give to people who go why
are there video games on TV oh my god
people won't stop talking about Evo oh
good the internationals on oh well it's
a super bowel oh I love when the sports
ball man hey you just shut up and let
people like things I understand that it
comes across as insufferable take your
petty sense of self-satisfaction
superiority and shove it up your
butthole you know how many times a year
I do this it just announced a new doctor
who everybody's talking about Doctor Who
again I find Doctor Who insufferable if
you enjoy it it's not the smirking mark
on your character I just don't like it
myself personally and everybody talks
about it all the time
now on the NL SS I tell people to shut
up about it but that's just because
again it's a character thing but you
know for the most part I don't go on
Twitter and go oh a new Doctor Who you
know let people enjoy the things that
they enjoy you yeah yeah jerk anyway we
have now and I'm speaking myself here as
well and I'll try to shut up about it
too that's the other thing
we have you know survived our personal
Dunkirk here coming to theatres this
July and look at that we have an angel
room that has given us free HP that's
actually pretty solid now there's
probably no way we get a key here but
there's one potential way and that's
reroll get a two-cent key or sorry a
3-cent key thanks to a deal with the
devil all right sorry a steam sale
effectively and then what I'm getting at
is you know how sometimes items are half
priced that's what I was talking about
unfortunately it didn't work out for us
but that's fine it was a waste of a bomb
but a relatively small problem here more
HP we're still at base level damage
which is really bad but we're also one
item away from becoming gov stir
explosive diarrhea can be a campy but
explosive diarrhea can be a really good
kill in greed mode but certainly not
right there so our first order of
business I think it would be nice to get
a key I'm not doing no key meta by the
way don't rest assured I've learned my
lesson
and been properly shamed for my you know
suspect mathematical reasoning when it
comes to no key meta we're in a bit of a
dicey spot we got into so much HP though
that I think we're relatively okay and I
might be playing a little badly here but
we also again I'll always rush to my own
defense when we've got no tears of no
tears and no damage upgrades at all by
the time we get to what is effectively
the womb a lot of shots on the screen
here as well even our flies are not that
potent so I just on the last floor it
made way more sense Wow it made way more
sense in my opinion to grab
the the guppy item that gives us a much
better chance of making like a huge play
so this is basically a nightmare
we really should step on the button but
stepping on the button feels like an
admission of being bad at the game and
that's my own personal foible admittedly
but and i actually will stand I'm a
self-hating orbital user most of the
time but I will stand by my decision to
use an orbital here are tears just don't
do enough damage to be to be potent
we're going to run out of HP upgrades
pretty soon so or just HP in general
pretty soon I think we're going to get
more than five cents back so I'll tell
you what I'll grab a key we got a check
yeah varicose veins is actually pretty
good and these are perfect enemies to
fight with an orbital that felt very
good scolex maybe alright a scolex fight
with mysterious liquid is not
necessarily the most difficult fight in
the world because you should be hurt by
the by mysterious liquid not much as you
can tell trying to get some orbital
damage in there from time to time
varicose veins at least doing something
we can't afford to be hit too much
longer or too many more times but again
I still have to defend myself
we got Isaac's level base stats except
HP we've gotten like 30 HP and we've
turned most of it into spirit arts at
this point so it's kind of been
squandered but we also needed like a
source of damage so I don't feel too bad
about it we got 19 cents we're looking
for a reroll and I almost think that you
got to go deeper on this one you got to
go for a bigger reroll the other thing
we could do is buy the gifts and then
use it in an angel or devil deal but
because we have chaos I don't think it
matters so there
just like buying a random item which i
think is a bad idea right now we don't
have any more money so we have to decide
what we're going to do here and I think
what we're going to do here is save our
money for the next floor if there was a
3-cent key I would have picked it up I
think I think what's cool about green
mode is that there is like a
mathematical approach that you can take
to it which doesn't sound that cool but
I like it because it makes things easier
from like an analytical standpoint you
can essentially have like rules that
optimally govern your Issac play which
is kind of neat even if I don't always
follow them like for example in most
situations a three dollar or a three
cent key is a must-buy
you're probably going to need a key
anyway it's never going to get cheaper
than that I don't think there was any
way out of that for us right there oh
mylanta dude Oh throw an HP away
admittedly but again I'm shooting I'm
not shooting no but I am shooting I'm
trying here this is a I think it's
crossing over in the bad run territory
not quite trainwreck mysterious liquids
pretty good parasitoids ears are very
nice and guppies uh yeah I was pretty
parable copies pause keeping us you know
afloat here deal with the angel free
item oh my god it's a damage upgrade we
have six point six for damage now this
is not our exit right like we have one
more chest floor or some that we have
two more floors oh okay this is where we
we start making our way downtown walking
fast stations pastime homebound
we're screwed on monster man well
because we know we're going to get no
yarrow rune or perthro rune sorry again
a reroll machine continuum is not very
good so I'm going to grab this key and
we'll see what we get here Trinity
shield
I think Trinity shield is like
actly okay oh Jesus okay so our actual
game plan here is different than it was
on the last floor first off don't get it
secondly we have enough damage to not
have to use our orbital anymore we can
actually like hit enemies with our tears
and in a reasonable amount of time they
should die especially if we get some
parasitoid tears off of them enemies
beneath the surface
no just fighters okay easy money we're
at three HP and we've probably gotten as
high as like like if we had never used
Guppies paw we could be at like 8 HP so
this is not an encouraging situation
eventually we're going to deplete that
you know HP savings account and things
are going to be real nasty if we're not
strong by that point but this floor has
been so so so much easier than the last
one crickets head for free was really
like a 10 out of 10 pickup so we're
looking for rerolls here and really
we're looking for guppy items if
possible and I don't even think like if
we got nine lives I think we have to
take it but I don't think we would get
rid of Guppies paw for like guppy said
we'd buy it but I think we would keep
Guppies paw here as like a as a
get-out-of-jail-free card rest assured
by the way I hate I will buy this at 7
cents for three spirit hearts oh and
it's here is upgrade okay I know we
still have enough to get another guppy
item and if we don't get a reroll
somehow we can always buy that but why
so many breakfasts like that I'm not
bitter too much but it's like a lot of
breakfasts that don't make sense to me
it's not like we've been rocking the you
know d-4d 100 or something like that
where the heck is all the breakfast
coming from is it because we have so few
items on lock that like green mode just
doesn't have anything to offer us here
and I'm a little confused that I don't
know what I was thinking they're just
standing directly in front of the shot
as it comes in
this wave was pretty easy that we have
17 cents so I think 18 cents I hate that
I've used so much money on rerolls but
we have had to kind of cultivate or
curate a winnable run here so we're
going to give you some money and I mean
these are not guns whatever we take here
is what we're going to be stuck with
Stephens a pretty good damage upgrade
but homing tears are also great I think
I'd probably prefer to have homing tiers
here and blank card without runes not
bad at all but but unlikely to be super
useful yeah I kind of saw that one
coming Krampus is the more dangerous
enemy but he also has the chance to hurt
the dark one so actually dude that
turned out ok we got on HP upgrade which
we can't means we can't go to our curse
room now I think we have to try to go to
our curse room so I'm going to use that
get three spirit arts keep this we get
bombs okay
I mean obviously we got to go do we have
we have one more floor with like no
items that no item rooms but a shop is
that the way this works yes okay so we
need really I sort of feel like we need
a guppy pick up here I'm hoping you hook
me up with something Wow uh certainly
very unexpected to get that guppy item
right there now we should use Guppies
head temporarily because we don't need
Guppies pop probably for this segment
probably for this segment but we might
actually I won't even say might we
certainly are going to want Guppies Paw
for the greed fight because Guppies head
is only going to give us three flies so
I still don't give us a great chance of
making this run work it's been a while
since I fought super green super greed
is also very annoying I've kind of
forgotten the the algorithm you used to
fight him you stay away from him you get
in the corners because the one shot will
never hit you there I can't
remember and so we're basically going to
be winging it which is almost never a
good situation we got 20 cents is there
anything in there we actually wanted
right off the bat I just don't remember
I mean book of Belial is okay but I
think we're better off just shooting for
a reroll okay well is easy money you
spend five cents to get ten cents that's
a deal
and then we reroll as quickly as
possible preferably and you get tech X
very very good and homing tiers Tech X
is extremely solid tech X also works
real well with guppy I don't think we're
in group we're going to just get enough
money okay we're just going to get
enough money to buy one more item if we
don't reroll or we go for one reroll so
I think I'm going to go for one reroll
didn't get it just snag some HP we don't
need this either try not to get hit here
go through with our deal with the devil
fire deal with the angel I should say
which is just given us more HP and then
abandon ship
grab Guppies paw
I think we've got an okay chance but I'm
admittedly still a little concerned like
this green fight should be a joke I
don't think I should be concerned also
the quarter showing up was awesome here
because we can actually if we win donate
some money
wow this greed is like so much slower
than the other greed we also get the
coupon which I don't think does anything
for us here but don't let them get the
money lebowski so we actually might be
making some progress here which is
surprising I really I'm not saying I
deserve like you know the Congressional
Medal of Honor here for my performance I
mean for one I don't even think they
give that to people who aren't Americans
so I don't think I qualify to begin with
but feel free to you know sorry to
change.org petition or something like
that for four floors we had no damage or
tears up grapes just HP so I was really
skeptical we were going to get enough
firepower to come through in the clutch
on this one and we got way more than
enough firepower in the end tech X
homing tears and full guppy
transformation is actually like as good
as it gets more or less I mean of course
we still only got one damage upgrade we
still only got crickets head but it's
enough it's enough when you've got you
know so many flies being created and
also you know Tech X what a Dodge and
now it looks like I was faking it like
Oh things were real tough on this run do
the green fight don't even get hit at
all but you know go back go back to the
womb things were looking terrible there
we just got real lucky we got 35 cents
to donate here we unlock a little chest
that's like the epitome of not really
being worth it at all lucky pennies have
appeared in the basement finally we
should have done this ages ago because
we were I think we were losing like two
luck per run by not having lucky pennies
unlock special hanging shopkeepers and
this was a good reintroduction into the
mode of greed I'm going to be able to
donate I mean it's a 0% chance she
probably means it's like zero
Oh point something Wooden Nickel I'm
sure yeah we're going to donate all of
it I'm just going to get in the box here
we get a special ending for green mode
it's been a while since a lead in the
greed mode well he's getting caved in
there I sure hope he makes it out at
some point oh and in the lore he becomes
the keeper but that's just a theory an
isaac theory see you next time hey but
thanks for watching hope you guys have
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button else had a great deal of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time